# Predicting_Covid_Deaths.github.io

## Who I am:
I am a fresher data scientist, currently completing a Master in Biological Data Science program. I am extremely interested in using data to help us better understand disease and create better health outcomes. <br> 
## What this is:
This project *Predicting Covid Deaths using Regression* is my first full(-ish) length analysis of large-scale medical-related data, and my first time demonstrating what I know (and am still learning) about data analysis and machine learning. It is available here as a .ipynb file and also in a Medium blog post (https://medium.com/@aaronlane412/analyzing-predictors-of-covid-deaths-in-hospitals-using-regression-99052b88f1a0). <br> <br> This analysis explores a dataset from the US Dept. of Health and Human Services about hospital capacity and Covid deaths. After identifying selected variables from the dataset, I visualize the deaths and aggregate scores (calculated using the selected variables' values) among states in the past 3 years, and move on to implementing decision trees and random forests to predict Covid deaths in validation data. Using the results from these models, I investigate potential interaction effects between 3 variables and discuss potential implications of these interactions. <br> <br> While I am extremely excited to have produced this work, I am aware that there may be some messiness to my code that more experienced analysts will notice, and that also some statisticians may have some constructive feedback about my math and interpretations. All thoughts are welcome, and thank you.
